V1.4.0 - SSR-2375 - Update User's Guide (#1075)
kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component: docs/document/website/versioned_docs/version-1.4.0/guides/version-conflicts-issue-solution.md

---
id: version-1.4.0-version-conflicts-issue-solution
title: Version Conflicts Issue and Solution
sidebar_label: Version Conflicts Issue and Solution
original_id: version-conflicts-issue-solution
---
## Overview

Version conflicts have been a problem for KUC users before the release of v1.4.0. This guide will help users understand the version conflicts issue and how to adapt and upgrade KUC to the latest version starting from v1.4.0.

> ## The Problem of Versioning

Author: I think if we choose to not use "the" then a better alternative would be "Problem with versioning". What do you think?

> ## The Problem of Versioning

Author: Or should we use "Versioning issue"? What do you of think of it, @TomokoMiyake ?

> ## The Problem of Versioning

Reviewer: @huuchi1778 
As communicated, let's go with "Problems of versioning". (Use plural for it seems good according to the investigation in case we don't add "the" in front)

<center>Aside from the changes in tag and class names, the CSS of the component also changes to include the version number</center>

In addition, we also check to see whether a custom HTML tag has been registered or not before defining it.

## Upgrading to the latest version

### Using UMD

We recommend that you should upgrade kintone UI Component to the latest version for your projects.<br>

From v1.4.0, please use `Kucs["1.x.x"]` instead of `Kuc` and specify your expected version (ex. `Kucs["1.4.0"]`).<br>

When using a version before v1.4.0, please use `Kuc` as a global variable but note that it may be conflicting when adding two or more `kuc.min.js` files on kintone app plug-in or customization.

```javascript
const Kuc = Kucs['1.x.x'];

const button = new Kuc.Button({text: 'Button', type: 'submit'});
document.body.appendChild(button);
```

### Using CDN

Users using KUC through the CDN will always have the latest version; therefore, after the release of v1.4.0, some of your apps and plug-ins will not work correctly. <br>

As explained in the [Using UMD](#using-umd) section, you now need to change from `Kuc` to `Kucs['1.x.x']`.

### Using npm

> Users using the KUC package through npm do not need to take any action but note the changes in how the components' tags and class names render. See [The Solution](#the-solution) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users using the Kintone UI Component package through npm do not need to take any action but note the changes in how the components' tags and class names render. See the [Solution](#solution) section.
```
